Review (#1)
ahandsel/cli-kintone: README.md

#### Download attachment files

If the `--attachments-dir` option is set, attachment files will be downloaded to the local directory.

- The file path is `<attachmentsDir>/<fieldCode>-<recordId>/<filename>`.
  - For attachment fields in a Table, the file path is `<attachmentsDir>/<fieldCode>-<recordId>-<tableRowIndex>/<filename>`.

> - Files with the same name in the same Attachment field, the files would be renamed to `<filename> (<index>).<ext>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For files with the same name in the same Attachment field, the files will be renamed to `<filename> (<index>).<ext>`.
```

fileInTable-1-0/test (1).txt"
```

> When exporting, if NOT set the `--attachments-dir` option, only the file name will be outputted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When exporting, if the `--attachments-dir` option is NOT set, only the file name will be outputted.
```
